[
{"summary": "Technology is becoming an active enabler of inclusion in the workplace. Emerging solutions give employers the tools they need to have access to a talent pool that truly represents the society in which it operates. Analysis emerging from the public and private sectors suggests that, like a toolkit, any organisation is better equipped to deal with various problems when it has a wider range of tools at its disposal. A workforce made up of people representing different social, ethnic and cultural perspectives represents a much more sophisticated and ultimately useful toolkit, one that is better suited to navigating today’s complex and interconnected society. Genuine understanding is the key to making a meaningful connection with any particular individual or group. Empathy, shared experience and recognition are all factors necessary to drive viable and accurate insights into any customer demographic. Today, this makes having a diverse workforce a necessity, as economic inclusion and consumer sophistication are on the rise both in India and across the world. Research supports the idea that creating a culture of inclusivity makes all employees feel more included and less anxious about being themselves, rather than creating pressure to conform. Increasingly, we’re seeing that creating a workplace where people across society are represented offers significant productivity gains. 77% of women and 67% of men now believe that an inclusive workplace culture helps them thrive. A 50% narrowing of the employee perception gap could equate to an estimated uplift in global profits of 33%, equivalent to $3.7 trillion in 2019. $1.35 trillion would come from the Asia/Pacific region. The exclusion of people with disabilities in India means the country is forgoing between 5-7% of its GDP. Gender-diverse companies are 15% more likely to outperform their peers, while ethnically diverse companies are 35% more likely to outperform them. While large organisations may be well aware of their need to become more inclusive and diverse, they may face challenges to improve or remodel core business functions to do so. This is where the right technology, if correctly implemented, can make all the difference when trying to find and close gaps in the workforce."}
]
